this is strictly in 60 your weekly
source of pure concentrated dancefloor
action with only two shows until the
semi-finals
this week's remaining couples really
push the boat out not literally Vincent
but it certainly wasn't business as
usual when James and Denise were knocks
off their first-place position after
four consecutive weeks at the pressure
got Sir James professional dancers get
just as nervous as the syllabuses yes
and I went blank well we really do have
to blame you now darling this is the
competition continued to Rockettes and
it was clear who was soaring to the
stores and who was failing to launch
that's what the problem was everything
was alongside so it seems somewhat
inevitable when Michael and Maithili
joined Nicki and Karen in the decisive
dancer but Nicki's license to kill for
him terminate his competition with a
unanimous set of votes from the judges
winning it was early T's 14 Hausner's